[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with David Adair, a
space technology consultant
and retired field
officer from the Office
of Naval Intelligence.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thanks.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Well, we seemed
to hit a turning point here
with Disclosure with the
Congress and the Pentagon.
We're talking no more
UFOs, we're talking UAPs--
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
What do you think that
is going to change
in the world moving forward?
>>ADAIR: In the UFO
community, not a thing.
>>EMERY: (LAUGHING) Right.
>>ADAIR: But in the general
community and the rest
of the world, where
people will think,
yeah, oh, you're talking
about them people wearing them
aluminum hats, that crowd, that
could have an effect on them.
We were speaking earlier.
Flying implies something
constructed and built,
a machine.
But aerial phenomena,
that could be a cloud.
So yeah, it's very clever
wording, is what it is.
>>EMERY: It is, yes.
>>ADAIR: But it could
have a positive effect.
But for the old hardcore
researchers, they don't care.
Like I said earlier, it sounds
like a duck, walks like a duck,
must be a duck.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: Well, I think the most
powerful people on this planet
have finally realized that there
are at least 15 reasons why
disclosure is a good thing
and even a necessary thing.
>>EMERY: I mean, you have
direct contact with this word.
For the people that came
up with it, I believe.
>>TIM: Well, it was the British
team who came up with that.
So the reason for it is
that the human brain mostly
organizes things
through language, which
means if you have an old term
coming from even the World
War times, which
is UFO, you have
certain so-called
cognitions to it.
So you have certain
ideas, certain patterns
how to think about it.
And once you reframe that word
and you bring a new terminology
to it, then you have
the chance to make up
new fields in the memory
and the brain of people.
And you can put some new
information and cognition
into it.
That's pretty basic and,
well, still effective
technique that's been used in
governance for quite some time.
>>EMERY: Is there an
agenda behind that?
>>TIM: Oh, yeah, definitely.
>>EMERY: What is that?
>>TIM: Well what we've
seen is that in the 1940s,
UFOs were a thing.
People got scared.
It got ridiculed.
So you have a lot of ideas
coming with the topic.
If you put it into
another term, you make up
new space in people's brain.
And you put some
new neurons to it
so people can have
new ideas about it.
So that's basically
erasing the old term
and making space
for something new.
So definitely there's an
agenda to it, of course.
>>EMERY: Where do you guys
see the UAP narrative going?
I mean, the government
and the military
have jumped into
this full blast.
And you don't hear the word UFO
anymore when it comes to them.
>>TIM: Well, it's about time to
get things into transparency.
I would have wished that
the possibility that we're
surrounded by lifeforms that we
can live with and make friends
with and grow together
and learn from each other,
that this is reason enough
to come forward and talk
about all these amazing
realities that are happening.
To my understanding,
it's basically
our right to know who
we are and what we are
and what we're doing here.
>>EMERY: David, do
you think different ET
races are working with
different competing governments?
>>ADAIR: I don't know if
the ET is working with them.
But I know there's a terrible
civil war interstruggle
between the agencies.
And what their weapon of
choice is is information.
And the reason they use
that information, that's how
they get granted funds or not.
So it's a fierce competition
among the agencies
to get funded.
And so they're guarding the
information really tight.
>>EMERY: Have you
heard of any ET races
working with
different governments
and also sharing technology
with the different governments?
>>ADAIR: None that
I'm familiar with.
Changing the name
was really smart,
because I ran into
trouble with a guy who is
mainstream America, well known.
And I called to tell
him that it reminded me
of who I was when I was a
young kid working with him.
And he asked me what
I've been doing.
I said, well, I got
tangled up with Area 51.
He wanted to quit talking to me.
Because Area 51 was
like UFO to him.
And I just thought,
I ain't going
to let this guy get to me.
Another friend on the
phone said, let him go.
No, wait a minute.
I said, do you believe
in Bill Clinton?
He goes, the President
of the United States?
Yeah.
He was the President
of the United States.
Remember him?
Of course, I do.
Well, you believe he
was the president?
Yeah.
Well, do you know that he
told the federal courts to sue
Area 51 over a guy that
was exposed to something
in a chemical waste
dump and they had him
in a hospital room in Las
Vegas, and he was literally
melting on the table?
His wife was screaming for help.
Reaches the Clinton
administration.
Bill Clinton allows
her to sue Area 51.
It's registered in
the federal courts.
Signed by the President
of the United States.
Now he wants to talk to me.
And I tell him, I ain't
got time to talk to you.
I hung up on him.
It's that stereotyping
that they're doing.
And that's the reason
they made the move
to change this to unidentified
aerial phenomenon.
And they went from flying
object to flying phenomenon.
Very smart.
Very clever wording.
And it's going to open up
things a little bit more.
People willing to step out.
But it still irritates me.
You can't even mention Area 51.
They think you're a fruitcake.
And I'm going, I
just explained to you
the President of
the United States
has signed off on
a federal lawsuit.
The woman lost, by the way.
Do you know Area 51 is
exemptive all EPA laws?
All of them.
>>EMERY: Well, they have
to be, or they shut down.
>>ADAIR: That's right.
And so no telling what
this man got exposed to do.
>>EMERY: Do ETs have
influence over information
that's released to the public?
[CHUCKLES]
>>TIM: Not directly,
I would say.
So basically, again, we were
talking about certain sets
of laws that are in place.
Beside temporal law, it's also
the responsibility for a planet
is to the species
inhabiting the planet.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Basically
those species that
are currently inhabiting
Earth oversee the disclosure
movement.
>>EMERY: During a Russian
intelligence meeting,
it was brought up that
we have an open system.
It was also brought up
that it's the possibility
of non-human
intelligences that are
manipulating the governments.
Have you heard
anything like this?
>>TIM: So if the question
that is Earth self-governing,
or is it influenced by
outside forces, it's both.
And it's the effect of outside
and inside is of always--
>>EMERY: What is
the agenda, then,
of the non-human intelligences?
>>TIM: So basically,
every individual,
every bigger species,
every nation,
every politician has
their own agenda.
So it's big.
>>EMERY: Do you know how
many species are involved?
>>TIM: More than you
could know, basically.
So it's a phase of high
attention right now.
So there are basically
probably hundreds
of lifeforms that are
involved with the process
that we have right now.
And not all of them
are in a what you
would call 3D physical form.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: But as well, there
are also temporal life forms.
There are higher frequency
life forms bringing structure
into all this
process pretty wild.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: It sounds like it.
So there's been reports
for a long time, that's
been going on for a
long time, about UAPs
hovering over major areas.
Like Jerusalem, the Pentagon,
the Kremlin, the White House.
Even the Pyramids.
The thing is, it's happening
at all these special areas.
These really significant areas.
Is it a strategic thing?
What do you think they're doing?
>>ADAIR: I think it's
a conditioning program.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>ADAIR: They're
trying to get everybody
used to seeing orbs and
disks flying everywhere.
So if they do show up in
force to make full contact,
it wouldn't be such
panic in the streets
that the government keeps
saying is going to happen.
I don't think that'll
be the case at all.
I think one of the
biggest dangers is--
the non-human life forms have
to be aware of this one--
can you imagine the
level of corruption
they're dealing with?
I mean, those aliens that
have to deal with senators,
congressmen, politicians.
Professional liars, all.
>>TIM: Some don't
even have an idea.
>>ADAIR: And want
money, money, money.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>ADAIR: So man, what a mess.
I feel bad for the aliens.
Yeah, in America, I know how
the mechanism works there.
There is one group that
controls this information.
It's called the US
Senate Subcommittee
on Science and Technology.
It's the same group of
people that run NASA.
And their chairman
of their committee
is the Vice President
of the United States.
>>EMERY: And what's
their agenda?
>>ADAIR: Who knows?
>>EMERY: And how does that fit
in with this conglomeration
of these UAPs being seen
in these famous areas?
>>ADAIR: Well, they want to
disclose it to the public.
They get them ready.
That may be a big
meeting coming.
And probably squeeze whatever
money they can find in there
to get it out.
>>TIM: Well, what's interesting
is when you mentioned
corruption, some
of these species
don't even have an idea or
a concept of corruption.
>>ADAIR: They're
going to get it.
[LAUGHS]
>>TIM: That is true.
And so basically what we've
seen is in the history
that some species just saw
some problems on the planet
and thought, hey, we might
give some technology.
And people will use it for
their mutual benefit, which
is the logical thing to do.
>>EMERY: Or mutual destruction.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah, but,
again humanity has
this very unique, rare
psychological pattern
that they keep things
for themselves, you know?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, they're
going to learn the phrase,
what's in it for me?
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>ADAIR: They'll hear
that all the time.
>>TIM: Right, right.
>>ADAIR: I can imagine
an alien world has
no corruption, hearing
that going, what is that?
What does he mean,
what's in it for me?
>>TIM: Well, imagine you're
on a tree or something
and you're hanging.
And you're on the bridge
of falling to death.
And someone reaches to you
and gives you a ladder.
And you don't use it, because
someone else could see it,
you know?
So what?
What?
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah.
But basically, to come
back to your question,
Emery, you have to look at
each incident individually.
If you want to simplify it,
you basically have crafts.
When you have crafts, that is
divided into manmade crafts
and ET crafts.
So that's basically the
most simplified form
what's going on.
>>EMERY: The media is always
talking about these sightings.
And they're very quick to
get that information out
and to show the videos
of, say, the Tic Tac.
But they're never talking
about the intelligence
behind the craft.
Why is that?
>>ADAIR: Simple reason why
they can't tell you about
the intelligence--
they can't admit to
it to be a confession.
Meaning it's intelligently
driven or piloted.
Which means it's a
technology you can't control.
You don't know where it's going.
You're not in
control of the skies.
You got big problems.
They can't say that.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: They probably actually
know, but they can't tell you.
That's an admission
of guilt. That,
hey, there's something
flying out there,
and we're not in charge.
>>EMERY: Right.
Different countries
with different media.
They report different things.
But they're not
reporting everything.
So why is that?
>>ADAIR: It's the way the
structure of that country
is built on perceptions.
For example, in our
movies in America,
we can't show any
T or A. However,
you can show somebody being
gutted and disemboweled,
and that's just fine.
France is sitting there going,
what is wrong with y'all?
We'll show the T and
A, but we ain't showing
anybody getting disemboweled.
So once again, it's
back to the perception
that the French people
versus the perception
of the American people.
And most of the time, that's
through classical conditioning.
I think it's even
deeper than that.
I think it's the mentality
of the different countries.
Which nobody wants to say that.
>>EMERY: No.
>>ADAIR: Because America
is just downright stupid
when it comes to it.
The other countries are
taking some different leads
and doing a decent job.
Too bad we can't get
unified on the subject.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: It's target groups.
What you have is a pretty
heterogeneous mixture
of target groups
around the planet.
It's a big bowl of all kinds
of mindsets and belief systems.
And the last thing
that people want to see
is the established system,
power system, basically,
to be shaken in a way
that it collapses.
So basically you have a lot
of different target groups
that are being
approached differently.
And the mainstream
basically gets prepared for,
yes, there are UFOs.
There are UAPs.
We're not alone in the universe.
There's one other race.
There might be a second
one or something.
But that might take
some more time.
And basically they
get technology
that's over 70 years
or something old
in order to fix some
problems and get society
into a more functional,
up-to-date state of mind.
And then you have
specialized target groups.
Which is mainly the reason
why I can speak on Gaia,
is educating a
very specific group
of intelligent and
mindful people.
So we're basically not
doing basic training.
But we're giving pretty
deep information.
>>EMERY: Like you
said, it's targeted.
>>TIM: It's absolutely--
>>EMERY: It's a very
targeted audience.
And like you said
with the countries,
it's targeted information.
>>TIM: Right.
And different countries
have different histories.
Germany has a World War
II trauma in their DNA.
So they have to deal
with that as well.
>>EMERY: When the United States
released the Tic Tac videos,
for example, did
they have to check in
with Russia, Europe, China?
Is it a group collective thing
where they all agree on this?
Or did we just do it?
>>ADAIR: If they did,
we'll never know about it.
They won't tell us that they
have an intergovernmental group
that will OK say something
and not OK something.
But really especially
for America's sake,
I believe the reason we're
having the disclosure
and all this stuff and the
pace that they're moving at,
I think they're really concerned
they're about to get busted.
They're going to get caught
in one of the biggest
lies in world history.
That they've been lying through
their teeth for the last 75
years.
And when it starts unraveling,
it's going to keep going.
Next thing you know,
we're going to be knowing
about people on the moon.
>>EMERY: It's inevitable.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
They're like the
little boy that's
putting his finger in the dam.
And Dutch boy.
And he's going to
run out of fingers.
And it's just going
to crumble on him.
And--
>>EMERY: It's going to break.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
And they're just trying
to save their butts, what
they're trying to do.
Well, we told you about that.
We disclosed.
Yeah.
75 years later you did.
Way back, god, decades.
>>EMERY: So you're saying
it's like a soft disclosure
by doing this.
>>ADAIR: It is.
For them.
For us, it's a soft disclosure.
For them, this is traumatic.
It really is a
big deal for them.
They have really stepped
way out on a limb
that they normally never do.
They stay back against
the tree trunk.
But this time, they really
stepped out on a limb.
And somebody is threatening
to saw the limb off.
That's what the problem is.
And they're fessing up to it.
They see it coming.
>>EMERY: So who is behind that?
Is it human?
Non-human?
>>ADAIR: They're mostly human.
The humans who have
signed the contracts,
they don't want their
names to be read out
on the paper when we find out
that we cut treaties with them.
Do you remember a treaty?
I don't remember one.
So if somebody signed
treaties, oh my god,
they might have even got where
they exchange homeless people,
street people for--
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>ADAIR: --technology.
Wouldn't that just be a
hoot, seeing your name
on that contract?
>>EMERY: No one
questions the millions
of people that are going
missing every year.
>>ADAIR: Get to the moon people.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>ADAIR: And they got
a contract up there.
In the 50s, they were greedy
as heck and just cut whatever
deal they could get.
>>EMERY: So David,
why now, then?
>>ADAIR: Something has
happened somewhere to somebody,
and I don't know what.
But this is a knee jerk
reaction, that's what it is.
And everybody knows what it is.
It's knee jerk.
Something happened.
Now the one group that
you can't control is ETs.
They maybe finally said,
yeah, we might sign
that paper called a treaty.
But we're going to tell all
your people, we're here.
Oh, and we're going to
let them read the contract
and look at your names.
Oh, man.
What do you think this
contract signer is going to do?
Other than crapping
the floor, they're
going to run for their lives.
And we should have had
this hashed out long ago.
>>EMERY: A long time ago.
>>ADAIR: When it first
happened, been no big problem.
Oh, we got aliens here.
Hey, how's it going?
And just deal with it.
But covering it up, covering
it up, covering up, now you're
going to have such hurt
feelings, such distrust,
and downright, outright
revenge seeking
by the public from this.
And it's all their fault.
They chose to do it this way.
>>EMERY: Tim, do
you see it that way?
>>TIM: It's going to
be a long answer if you
want to have all the details.
[LAUGHS]
So first of all,
it's a conglomerate
of countries, groups,
families, agencies,
military brands, corporations.
ETs as well that gather
together and discuss the way
how disclosure globally
should turn out.
So again, every country is
in charge for themselves.
What we also see,
if you want to,
for example, get the
media from Russia,
I assume you will not
perceive them here in the US.
I assume.
I didn't try it.
But in Europe, it's blocked.
So how they do it,
people will not see it.
The information, the
Pentagon information
that is treated pretty
seriously in the US,
is treated differently
in the media
in different, other countries.
Because they need a
much slower process.
Which means they have found
another weather balloon story.
You know, that the--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: --that they
brought into it.
The reason why disclosure
now, and it's five minutes
past 12:00, I guess.
And you're right.
Some ETs do put
their thumb upon it.
And they're not pushing
the brakes on it.
So they are putting some
pressure on the government,
because they do want
people to know that.
Because they see it as a
natural evolutionary thing.
And as everything in the
universe is connected,
it's necessary for
the consciousness
of people on this planet to be
informed about what they are,
where they are, and
how to deal with that.
Basically there are also,
as you said, contracts.
So they have every
right in the world
to stand in for their contract
and say, hey, you signed that.
So we have an agreement.
Do something about it.
But there are some
other reasons about it.
And another soft
reason for disclosure
is, of course,
monetary thinking.
Because this whole
planet is not at all
optimized for interspace trade.
Which is big money machine.
People see that.
There are some risks that
not knowing of ET presence
can have.
Basically not technology,
but psionically.
Which means there's a psychic
effect of some species that
are well trained.
So they can basically
psychologically
influence people.
And humans that just run around
with no thoughts in their mind
could be a quite easy
target in that way.
So there's some teaching to
be done in order to prepare
the species for such events.
But then again, there
is also something
that is a more energetical
shift that's happening.
And that means that
we are all going
through a shift of consciousness
if you want or not.
And the risks that
could occur are
much higher than any military
brand could handle alone.
Which is basically where
the worst case scenario
is a so-called mass
psychosis, which would
be a change in the reality.
And at such a sudden speed
that all the creation
we got has a negative
effect on it.
So that could cause problems.
So what we're doing is
preparing people for--
there is a much broader,
wider field of reality.
I mean, theoretically, and
I've been in that field,
so I know that
these things work.
But seeing people that
two years ago said,
there's no UFO, no aliens, no
Bigfoot, no whatever, you know?
And now saying they're saying
something like, oh, yeah, UFO,
it's no big deal.
It's been on the news.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>TIM: That's different.
The difference.
>>EMERY: What a mind control
item there, that technology.
>>ADAIR: I tell you, when you--
serious, back these
treaties and agreements--
a generation is 35 years.
Two generations, 70 years back.
Look for names like LBJ,
Nixon, and Rockefeller,
and Henry Kissinger.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And you might not
know some of these names,
but they were powerful
people at that time.
They could sign.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And I think trying
to find the answer to why
now, most of those people
in some of those contracts
are dead.
>>EMERY: Or they're
waiting it out.
>>ADAIR: They're already
dead or dying out.
>>EMERY: It's done.
>>ADAIR: And now, time to push.
And the new people
coming on board
don't want to take their spot.
They want to give it up.
So that could be the why now.
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, David, if it was up to
you and you were in charge,
would you be fully transparent
with what the government knows
about extraterrestrials
and tell mankind about it?
And why?
>>ADAIR: I'd be so
upfront about it,
I would do it if it meant people
were going to be executed.
Including myself.
I'm not involved in them.
But if I was in charge, yeah.
Heads are going to roll
if you betrayed us.
We're going to get you.
So yeah.
Everything.
Every detail-- slop,
nastiness, all of it.
>>EMERY: Regardless
of what would happen?
>>ADAIR: Don't care.
Just--
>>EMERY: Needs to be done.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
It's like a bad wound.
We want to put a hot iron to it.
We're gonna cauterize
it, then clean it.
It's going to hurt like hell,
but you just got to do it.
>>EMERY: Got to get through it.
How about you, Tim?
Would you go transparent?
Would you tell everybody
what the government
knows about extraterrestrials?
>>TIM: I got to laugh about it.
It's radical.
>>EMERY: He's passionate.
>>TIM: That's radical.
That's radical.
It's like, yeah.
Yeah, let's pray and hope.
[LAUGHS]
>>ADAIR: I'd go for that.
Yeah, that's good.
>>TIM: Yeah, no.
Yeah, I mean, it's a super
complicated situation.
And it's time relevant.
Time is ticking.
It's important that this
Earth gets upgraded in a way.
It's super complicated,
because you have
all these political figures.
>>EMERY: Lots involved.
>>TIM: So many people involved.
And they all got
their own agendas.
And they all try to put
their own little spices
in wherever they can, even if
they have their agreements,
you know?
So that makes it very
difficult. And in the end,
it's about making trust,
giving the impression of trust
and standing in for
the right thing.
I know that Earth in some years
will be a much better place.
I'd rather see it in an
even much better place
by giving much more of the
technology to the public.
But yet, it's probably
getting better in some ways
>>ADAIR: Two groups
you need to destroy.
The what's in it for me
club, and I got mine club.
>>EMERY: Exactly.
>>ADAIR: Those have
to be done away with.
And the aliens that's left
over through all this mess,
they might end up
liking you better.
They go, look at that,
the self-regulating,
cleaning up human.
>>EMERY: There they go.
>>ADAIR: Who would have
ever thought of that?
>>EMERY: --their own people.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, who
would have ever thought
that would happen, you know?
>>TIM: That's the
reason why humanity
has one of the highest
evolutionary potentials
of all species.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>TIM: That's why they
attract so much attention.
>>ADAIR: It's possible
we could do that.
>>TIM: Each one of us is
connected to this community
field that we are creating.
So if we tap into that and
if we put our best energy
and if we connect
to better worlds
and project that outside,
it creates better worlds.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: I totally agree.
David, I want to thank you
for coming on the show again.
>>ADAIR: Thank you.
>>EMERY: And Tim, it's always
a pleasure to have you.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>>FEMALE VOICOVER: Next
on Cosmic Disclosure.
>>MAN: The next thing
you know, over there
on the top of the
mountains where
we were doing that project,
there was three craft.
Bright, shiny looking things.
And then three more and
three more pulled up.
So that's where Jeremiah Davis
was recruited out of Area 51
into the United Galactic
Federation of Hendon.
If you start seeing things
so different, it's unreal.
And so you start believing
even though people
won't believe that there's
more out there than what
we're being told.
[THEME MUSIC]